Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse.
Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin.
A beautiful chart. If you guys like the
content, make sure you subscribe to the
channel, give the video a thumbs up, and
also check out the sale on into the
cryptoverse premium at into the
cryptoverse.com.
Link is in the description below. And
again, we are ending that sale uh very,
very soon. Let's go ahead and jump in.
So, this has got to be one of the most
aesthetically pleasing charts that exist
in the cryptoverse. One of the most, if
not the most aesthetically pleasing
chart. There is a lot to be understood
by looking at this chart.
The top line here is the percentage of
supply in profit. So, in a bull market,
it will go up to 100%. Right? So, when
Bitcoin is pushing in new all-time
highs, then 100% of the supply is in
profit. What you'll notice is that when
Bitcoin is in a bull market and it hits
100%, it tends to stay in a bull market
for a while, right? It doesn't just hit
it once and then stop. It tends to stay
there. And that's why momentum is an
important indicator. It's an important
technical to follow. I don't believe in
a lot of forms of TA like heads and
shoulders,
knees and toes, right? That that stuff
doesn't really mean a whole lot to me.
But momentum means a lot. And a lot of
times all-time highs lead to all-time
highs. And so when Bitcoin does go to
all-time highs, it then continues to
likely put in all-time highs for a
while. And you can see that very
clearly. But the reverse is also true.
when Bitcoin kind of goes into these
bare markets, it can, you know, it can
go longer than a lot of people think.
And if you if we kind of hide the the pl
the supply and profit chart and you look
at this chart, you can see where it it
historically goes to. So we are at a
point now where they have crossed and so
because they have crossed we should now
be open-minded to a market cycle low
forming. And what I said at the
beginning of this year is basically
ignore Bitcoin for the first half of the
year because likely all rallies will be
faded and they they likely will just
simply be counter trend rallies that
lead to lower highs before another lower
low comes. But we looked at this chart
and we made a very clear assessment. We
said that until these lines cross,
there's no reason to call for market
cycle bottoms. Doesn't matter how
euphoric the rallies get to the upside,
no reason to call for it. Because as you
can see in every cycle, the market cycle
bottom did not occur until after the
supply of Bitcoin and profit or loss
crossed. It did not occur until after
they crossed.
You can see in 2011 they crossed in
September 28th. The market cycle low
occurred um on the daily time frame. It
didn't occur till like the very end of
that year. So a few months later in 2014
they crossed in September and then the
market cycle low was in January. So
about 3 to four months later. In 2018
they crossed in November and then the
market cycle low was about a month later
in December. And in 2022, you can see
they first crossed in June or sorry,
yeah, they first crossed in June, which
is kind of where we are right now. Uh
only briefly, and then they crossed
again in September and then the the
market cycle low was in November. So, we
have now seen them cross. And you know,
usually when they cross, the low's not
immediately in like that's never
happened before. I'm not saying it
can't, but it's never happened before.
Usually the month though, usually the
low occurs within about one to three to
like one to four months. Okay. So that
could be anywhere between say like now
and July, August, September,
October, who knew, right? So I would say
somewhere in that ballpark is going to
be the market cycle bottom. It's usually
not right when they cross. And if we do
see it uncross for a while, it would
likely be like what it did in 2022 where
then they probably cross again as we get
in sort of that September, like August,
September time frame. But again, is this
cadence not remarkable? Think about how
many narratives have existed justify
certain price action both to the upside
and the downside. And then you look at
this chart and you're just like, you
know what? None of it matters, right?
None of the narratives matter. This
chart tells you everything you need to
know for the most part. I mean, could it
break at some point?
Yeah.
But look at it, you know, look at it. It
is
It's remarkable, right? It really is.
And some of the times like you know the
argument is if all you ever did was DCA
Bitcoin when these things flipped and
just DCA for 3 to 4 months then you
could go enjoy the three years that came
after that as we go back into the bull
market. So I would be looking for that.
Now I'm sure someone's going to ask
about it. So you know could we argue
that there's sort of like a trend line
heading down here and maybe we're closer
than we think? I think if you connect
the dots, you can see we already broke
through it. Also over here, it ended up
going higher. So, I would I would just
say like look at the range that it's
gone up to. Um, and you know, last cycle
it went all the way up to around supply
and loss was around 55%. Currently, it's
around 51. Okay. Cycle before that it
went to
60.
cycle before that it went to
64 and you know the one in 2011 went all
the way up to around
54.
So I wouldn't get too greedy here. You
know, usually the right strategy is to
start dcaing Bitcoin
after the June low and and just being
aware that, okay, the market might wreck
you in Q4, but as long as you're okay
getting wrecked uh by the market, which
you should be if you're in crypto, uh
then it's not really that big of a deal.
I mean, you know, I bought Bitcoin over
here in the summer of 2022 and then I
got wrecked and and then it didn't
matter, right? and I bought Bitcoin in
the summer of 2018 and I got wrecked and
and then it just didn't matter. So
that's kind of the argument is is you
know usually buying Bitcoin kind of
after the June low and then just sort of
establishing a a cadence to your DCA
tends to work out the best rather than
than stressing out too much about about
what's going to happen. But again, you
know, just looking at this chart, it's
hard not to look at it and just be kind
of mesmerized by it because, you know,
the cycles are so clear, like the
four-year cycle is just so obvious and
clear that it it's baffling to me just
how many people fade it because it's
just such an easy thing, you know? Like,
and I'm not saying it'll go on forever.
I'm not suggesting that. But it's one of
those things where why fade it, you
know? Why? Why fade it when it just
continues to work out? Um, so my guess
is we'll likely spend, you know, some
time with these metrics crossed over
each other like they are right now, but
probably only a few months and and then
once we get out into say 2027, 2028,
hopefully we'll see uh the cycle
continue. And my guess is the biggest
critics of the 4-year cycle this year
will become the biggest cheerleaders of
it later this year. If you guys like the
content, make sure you subscribe to the
channel, give the video a thumbs up,
check out the sale on Into the
Cryptoverse Premium at into the
cryptoverse.com, and I will see you guys
next time. Bye.